update java LP (#1)
abhayPS11/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/new-java/_index.md

---
title: Run Java applications on the Microsoft Azure Cobalt 100 processors 

minutes_to_complete: 60   

who_is_this_for: This is an introductory topic for the software developers who are willing to migrate their Java-based applications from x86_64 platforms to Arm-based platforms, or on Microsoft Azure - Cobalt 100 CPU-based VMs specifically.  Most Java applications will run on Cobalt 100 with no changes needed. 

learning_objectives: 
    - Provision an Azure Arm64 VM using Azure console, with Ubuntu as the base image.

>     - Deploy a Java application inside an Azure Linux Arm64-based Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Deploy a Java application inside an Azure Linux 3.0 Arm64-based Docker container, as well as Azure Linux 3.0 custom-image based Azure VM.
```

>     - Perform Java benchmarking inside the container running on the Azure Arm64 VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Perform Java benchmarking inside the container as well as custom VM.
```
